Relation manager content tab improvements (#12128)
laravel-filament/filament: packages/panels/docs/03-resources/07-relation-managers.md

}
```

> ## Setting an icon for the form tab

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Setting an icon for the form tab
```

On the Edit or View page class, override the `getContentTabIcon()` method:

```php
public function getContentTabIcon(): ?string
{
    return 'heroicon-m-cog';
}
```

> ## Setting the position of the form tab

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Setting the position of the form tab
```

> By default, the form tab is rendered on the left. To render it on the right, you can override the `getContentTabPosition()` method on the Edit or View page class:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the form tab is rendered before the relation tabs. To render it after, you can override the `getContentTabPosition()` method on the Edit or View page class:
```
